c:\users\bartosz.ziolkowski\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DialogHostBug\DialogHostBug\bin\Debug\DialogHostBug.exe.config
c:\users\bartosz.ziolkowski\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DialogHostBug\DialogHostBug\bin\Debug\DialogHostBug.exe
c:\users\bartosz.ziolkowski\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DialogHostBug\DialogHostBug\bin\Debug\DialogHostBug.pdb
c:\users\bartosz.ziolkowski\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DialogHostBug\DialogHostBug\bin\Debug\MahApps.Metro.dll
c:\users\bartosz.ziolkowski\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DialogHostBug\DialogHostBug\bin\Debug\MaterialDesignColors.dll
c:\users\bartosz.ziolkowski\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DialogHostBug\DialogHostBug\bin\Debug\MaterialDesignThemes.MahApps.dll
c:\users\bartosz.ziolkowski\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DialogHostBug\DialogHostBug\bin\Debug\MaterialDesignThemes.Wpf.dll
c:\users\bartosz.ziolkowski\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DialogHostBug\DialogHostBug\bin\Debug\System.Windows.Interactivity.dll
c:\users\bartosz.ziolkowski\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DialogHostBug\DialogHostBug\bin\Debug\MahApps.Metro.pdb
c:\users\bartosz.ziolkowski\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DialogHostBug\DialogHostBug\bin\Debug\MahApps.Metro.xml
c:\users\bartosz.ziolkowski\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DialogHostBug\DialogHostBug\bin\Debug\MaterialDesignColors.pdb
c:\users\bartosz.ziolkowski\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DialogHostBug\DialogHostBug\bin\Debug\MaterialDesignThemes.Wpf.pdb
c:\users\bartosz.ziolkowski\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DialogHostBug\DialogHostBug\bin\Debug\MaterialDesignThemes.Wpf.xml
c:\users\bartosz.ziolkowski\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DialogHostBug\DialogHostBug\obj\Debug\TranslationDetails.baml
c:\users\bartosz.ziolkowski\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DialogHostBug\DialogHostBug\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\bartosz.ziolkowski\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DialogHostBug\DialogHostBug\obj\Debug\TranslationDetails.g.cs
c:\users\bartosz.ziolkowski\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DialogHostBug\DialogHostBug\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\bartosz.ziolkowski\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DialogHostBug\DialogHostBug\obj\Debug\DialogHostBug_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\bartosz.ziolkowski\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DialogHostBug\DialogHostBug\obj\Debug\DialogHostBug_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\bartosz.ziolkowski\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DialogHostBug\DialogHostBug\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\bartosz.ziolkowski\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DialogHostBug\DialogHostBug\obj\Debug\DialogHostBug.g.resources
c:\users\bartosz.ziolkowski\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DialogHostBug\DialogHostBug\obj\Debug\DialogHostBug.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\bartosz.ziolkowski\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DialogHostBug\DialogHostBug\obj\Debug\DialogHostBug.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\bartosz.ziolkowski\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DialogHostBug\DialogHostBug\obj\Debug\DialogHostBug.exe
c:\users\bartosz.ziolkowski\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DialogHostBug\DialogHostBug\obj\Debug\DialogHostBug.pdb
c:\users\bartosz.ziolkowski\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DialogHostBug\DialogHostBug\obj\Debug\DialogHostBug.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
